---
layout: post
title: "Some articles are just so short that we have to make the footer stick"
categories: misc
---

I am still not sure what the vocalist is saying. I think I do, but I don't know with certainty. I also have no intention of looking up the lyrics to ease my curiousity because it actually isn't important to my enjoyment of the song. In fact, it may even diminish my enjoyment of it. Because when you think about it, Kevin Shields mixed the song this way very intentionally, meaning that the lyrics were never supposed to be heard and understood. The fact that his lyrics are almost always very cryptic and peotic only seems to further prove this point. I think he wants to communicate the sounds first and foremost, and whatever I think the lyrics are is actually more important what they literally are. Songs are whatever we interpret and if I can get a interpretation that resonates with me more without having to confirm the lyrics then is that not more valuable? All art is ultimately a communcation of ideas and if I am able to get a greater enjoyment from my factually incorrect interpretation then who is anyone to say that that is objectively worse? When in fact the greater theme of the song and many songs in the My Bloody Valentine discography is that when we try to communicate an idea, it will always be obscured by your ability to deliver that messasge and the person's ability to properly interpret it. It's the same philosophy as modern abstract art where the artist essentially says "Fuck the middle-man.", and allows you to form a completely personal opinion without the artist having any influence on what you take from it. This leads us down a meriade of other questions such as "Why does an opinion being more original make it better?" or "Is there such thing as true originality?", and we will never get scientific answers to these questions obviously, but that's not what's important (subjectively speaking), what's important is reaching a conclusion that manages to be both artistically, intellectually, and emotionally satisfying. And to me, originality does heighten the value of a work or opinion to a large extent. In art, one could argue that nothing is more valuable than delivering an original idea, all the most influential artists of any generation are the ones who reject the status quo and often disturb the peace of any culture they contrubute to. The same could be said for opinions. The more original an opinion, the more it is detached from any sort external biases and the more it is your own, thus being more original. Not having biases is generally seen as good because it means that you aren't looking for valdiation or appealing to others in order to fit the mold and be accepted into a group. Having an original idea is being content at the fact that you are not the same. You are unique. And not in a way that makes you superior.

This bleeds into a further discussion of fans of an artist wanting success for them but also wanting them to maintain the spirit of the starving artist. It is a selfish desire but a very real one. Part of the charm of a band like Sweet Trip, who was essentially neglected for their entire prime, is the fact that they were neglected. I want success for them but a part of me is kind of glad that they never really acheived it, they're my little secret and a message to the mainstream that the best artists don't get what they rightfully deserve, even though I don't want that for them.